(docs) How we do Pull Requests (#56)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2020-05-06-how-we-do-pull-requests.md

---
layout: post
title: "How we do Pull Requests"
author: michaeltlombardi
categories:
  - team
  - basics
tags:
  - git
  - github
  - PRs
  - pull requests
  - code review
---

[This was originally posted as [a twitter thread](https://twitter.com/TrebuchetOps/status/1257781807870816257) by [Michael](https://twitter.com/TrebuchetOps). This version edited by [me](https://github.com/DavidS). I've tried to stay faithful to the original tone while unraveling twitter lingo. all errors are my own.]

[ReinH](https://twitter.com/ReinH)'s [thread on PRs](https://twitter.com/ReinH/status/1257773735815213057) is a good thread and while I can't speak to how anyone else uses PRs, I can talk about how my team does.

Background: we're a team of about 10 people (I'm on [paternity leave](https://twitter.com/TrebuchetOps/status/1256985345830400002) as of Sunday, so not poking my head into slack to double check my math) with about 75 "supported" project repos and another 100+ "unsupported" - including puppet modules, Ruby gems, PowerShell modules, and more.

> We process (submit, merge, or close) over 350 PRs a month from our own team, from community folx, from other people at Puppet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We process (submit, merge, or close) over 350 PRs a month from our own team, from community folks and from other people at Puppet.
```

Author: works as intended: https://www.dictionary.com/e/gender-sexuality/folx/
